[Doc] Tweak the README (#27)
rails/rubocop-rails-omakase: README.md

## Installation

> This omakase style is automatically included with new Rails 7.2 and above applications. But if you're running an earlier version, you can easily add them yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Rails applications (Rails 7.2+) automatically include this omakase style. No installation is necessary.

For apps generated with older versions of Rails, you can add it yourself.
```
